Doc for Proxy migration (#3539)
dimagi/commcare-cloud: docs/services/nginx.md

# Nginx

## Usage in CommCare

> [Nginx](https://nginx.org/en/docs/) nginx [engine x] is an HTTP and reverse proxy server. We use in Commcare for  Accelerated reverse proxying with caching,serving static files and load balancing; 

Reviewer: > 
```suggestion
[Nginx](https://nginx.org/en/docs/) nginx [engine x] is an HTTP and reverse proxy server. It's primary use in CommCare is as a reverse proxy and load balancer however we also use it for serving static content, content caching and rate limiting.
```
